Tell me, how did you feel?
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, how did you feel?
Oh!
Lean, lean, lean, lean.
Brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new, brand new.
If I'm bleeding for the long Shouting, shouting, shouting Shouting, shouting Shouting, shouting Shouting, shouting Shouting, shouting Shouting, shouting Shouting, shouting Shouting, shouting
Come out of the village, come out of the village, come out of the village, come out of the village, come out of the village, come out of the village, come out of the village, come out of the village, come out of the village, come out of the village for the village.